{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 \uc0\u8220{}A Compendium of Existing Econometric Software Packages,\uc0\u8221{} n.d. www.rfe.org.\
Anand, K., I. van Lelyveld, \uc0\u193{} Banai, S. Friedrich, R. Garratt, G. Ha\uc0\u322{}aj, J. Fique, et al. \uc0\u8220{}The Missing Links: A Global Study on Uncovering Financial Network Structures from Partial Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Financial Stability} 35 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfs.2017.05.012.\
Berndsen, Ron. \uc0\u8220{}Causal Ordering in Economic Models.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Decision Support Systems}, 1995. https://doi.org/10.1016/0167-9236(94)00034-P.\
Blanchard, Olivier. \uc0\u8220{}On the Future of Macroeconomic Models.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Oxford Review of Economic Policy} 34, no. 1\uc0\u8211{}2 (2018): 43\uc0\u8211{}54. https://doi.org/10.1093/oxrep/grx045.\
Burns, Andrew, Benoit Campagne, Charl Jooste, David Stephan, and Thi Thanh Bui. {\i{}The World Bank Macro-Fiscal Model Technical Description}. Policy Research Working Papers 8965. Washington DC.: World Bank, 2019. https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/handle/10986/32217.\
Burns, Andrew, Charl Jooste, and Gregor Schwerhoff. {\i{}Climate Modeling for Macroeconomic Policy\uc0\u8239{}: A Case Study for Pakistan}. Policy Research Working Papers 9780. World Bank, Washington, DC, 2021. https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/bitstream/handle/10986/36307/Climate-Modeling-for-Macroeconomic-Policy-A-Case-Study-for-Pakistan.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=y.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. {\i{}Macroeconomic Modeling of Managing Hurricane Damage in the Caribbean: The Case of Jamaica}. Vol. 9505. Policy Research Working Paper. Washington DC.: World Bank, 2021. https://documents1.worldbank.org/curated/en/593351609776234361/pdf/Macroeconomic-Modeling-of-Managing-Hurricane-Damage-in-the-Caribbean-The-Case-of-Jamaica.pdf.\
Dixon, Peter B, and DFale W. Jorgenson. {\i{}Handbook of Computable General Equilibrium Modelling}. Vol. 1A. Elsevier B.V., 2013. https://www.sciencedirect.com/handbook/handbook-of-computable-general-equilibrium-modeling/.\
Hagberg, Aric, Pieter Swart, and Daniel S Chult. \uc0\u8220{}Exploring Network Structure, Dynamics, and Function Using NetworkX.\uc0\u8221{} Los Alamos National Lab.(LANL), Los Alamos, NM (United States), 2008.\
Hollinger, Peter. \uc0\u8220{}Beyond Newton: Robust Methods For Solving Large Nonlinear Models In Troll.\uc0\u8221{} Computing in Economics and Finance 2000. Society for Computational Economics, July 2000. https://ideas.repec.org/p/sce/scecf0/308.html.\
Kogiku, K.C. {\i{}An Introduction to Macroeconomic Models}. McGwaw-Hill, 1968. https://books.google.de/books?id=jp4LzQEACAAJ.\
Mckinney, Wes. {\i{}Wes McKinney-Python for Data Analysis-O\uc0\u8217{}Reilly Media (2012)}. {\i{}The Effects of Brief Mindfulness Intervention on Acute Pain Experience: An Examination of Individual Difference}. Vol. 1, 2015.\
Meurer, Aaron, Christopher P. Smith, Mateusz Paprocki, Ond\uc0\u345{}ej \uc0\u268{}ert\uc0\u237{}k, Sergey B. Kirpichev, Matthew Rocklin, AMiT Kumar, et al. \uc0\u8220{}SymPy: Symbolic Computing in Python.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PeerJ Computer Science} 3 (January 2017): e103. https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj-cs.103.\
Olsen, J. Asger. {\i{}Strukturel makro\uc0\u248{}konomi\uc0\u8239{}: netv\uc0\u230{}rksteori og input-output.} Arbejdsnotat (Danmarks statistik)\uc0\u8239{}; Nr. 17, 1985.\
Pauletto, Giorgio. {\i{}Computational Solution of Large-Scale Macroeconometric Models}. Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1997. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4757-2631-2_3.\
Petersen, Christian E., and Christopher A. Sims. \uc0\u8220{}Computer Simulation of Large-Scale Econometric Models: Project Link.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications} 1, no. 4 (1987). https://doi.org/10.1177/109434208700100404.\
Tinbergen, J. {\i{}Economic Policy: Principles and Design}. Contributions to Economic Analysis. North-Holland Publishing Company, 1967. https://books.google.de/books?id=hA5gAAAAIAAJ.\
Wickens, M. R., and T. S. Breusch. \uc0\u8220{}Dynamic Specification, the Long-Run Andthe Estimation of Transformed Regresieti Models.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Economic Journal} 98 (April 1988): 189\uc0\u8211{}205.\
}